
Prologe

On patrol, run across unknown signature of loitering ship.
stop and and observe

Graybit's ship arives. they transmit coordinates to unknown ship.
Coorinates are for a mining facility.

you are noticed. fight to the death. ship is fully upgraded with
ews, solar panel. emps, and granades, and magnettically
drawn directional blast charges. MDDBC.


Chapter One

Boss is thretening you if you mess up paint job.
You have negative money.
Fly to station is pick up container.
depart station and spring a power leak. Going to die.
stop and place distress becon.
maruader arrives. About to destroy you.
throw emp. ship is disabled. fire jumper cables and charge.
Auto pilot mutates from analizing captured ship's mainframe.
steals it's battery power and uses it's engine to accellerate.
slowing blowing out it's engines.
destroy reinforcements.

Chapter Two

Boss hands you pink slip.

The paint job is not scratched. It is ruined. My inital path
was to ground that ship and toss you overboard. You owe the
company hanger 470000 orecoin. That is not even including the
oxygen charges. Which are.... excessive.
My new reaction is to say this. The ship's paint job is ruined and
indeed but more interestingly is it's log killfeed is... outragous.
So we'll leave you your good luck vessel and pop some of the dinks
and more or less... You're fired.

ehhhhh terminated or sorts with a ship as a non metaphorical lifeboat.
Don't mind that enhanced gun camera. We fell it's an interesting perspective
we'd like to observe on our end. It's gambing. I'll just tell you.
Don't try to remove it or you may infact explode, probably definitly.
You are slung into an asteroid field.

Too fast. dropped into retro grade. slow down and catch gravity brake.

come under attack and fight them off. autopilot creates a streaming channel
and uses it to fund raise. puchase a remote reinforcements and destroy the mercinaries.
and launch you to space station.and say there's a nearby derrelict that appears
safe to investigate.

You land and receive a message from Graybit. It says it will pay you to destroy
a target. message includes coordintes that match the mine

You fly to investigate. look at patrol ship and match coordinates from ship log.


Chapter Three
Place fake image in-front of camera. get max stealth and fly back to
company headquarters.

get in range and transmit patrol ship log.

they agree it's a trap and send a 3 wings with flank the resnesvous point.

flank alien ship and get into fight.

Destroy it and. towards the end the wing turns on you.


Chapter Four

Message from graybit. I'm coming for you.
his ship arrives and you fight. you beat him.
and he immediatly resurects. I have over 7,000,000
backups. You didn't think you won did you?

Launches missiles strike you and you die.


Epiloge

Another patole ship arrives and find's you'r derrelict.
investigates. Approaches then without warning a fast arming
directional mine locks and explodes. Cuts to black.


